Add event platform to Husqvarna Automower (#39863)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/husqvarna_automower.markdown

The integration will create a device tracker entity to show the position of the mower.

### Event (if available)

- Shows the last error as event.
- Includes additional context: `severity`, `latitude`, `longitude`, and `date_time`.

> #### Example Attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example attributes
```

| Attribute     | Description                            |
|---------------|----------------------------------------|

> | `event_type`  | Error code (e.g., `tilt_error`)        |
> | `severity`    | Error severity (e.g., `error`, `warning`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `event_type`  | Error code (for example, `tilt_error`)        |
| `severity`    | Error severity (for example, `error`, `warning`) |
```

| `latitude`    | Latitude where the error occurred      |
| `longitude`   | Longitude where the error occurred     |
| `date_time`   | Timestamp of the error                 |

> #### Use Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use cases
```
we use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/using-type/use-sentence-style-capitalization), also in headings

- Send a notification when the mower is lifted or stuck.
- Show last error location on a map

> ℹ️ **Info:** The entity will only be created when a new message is received. If a mower hasn’t reported any errors yet, the entity won't show up.

Reviewer: do you want to wrap this in a {% note %}{% endnote %}, or {% tip %}{% endtip %}?

> ℹ️ **Info:** The entity will only be created when a new message is received. If a mower hasn’t reported any errors yet, the entity won't show up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}
The entity will only be created when a new message is received. If a mower hasn’t reported any errors yet, the entity won't show up.
{% endnote %}
```
this will create a block in this style
<img width="673" height="157" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c88c6189-3b72-4dbc-9405-6afe07364f60" />

- Error. For example: *Mower tilted*, *outside geofence*.
- Downtime (if available)
- Restricted reason. For example: *Week schedule*, *frost*, or *daily limit*.

> - Last error (if available). Values can be the same, like in the error sensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Last error (if available). Values can be the same as the ones from the error sensor.
```
tiny tweak. Please correct me if I misunderstood this.
